In this course, I'm going to take you on a journey that starts with
understanding what a 2D medical image is,
how it fits into medicine and the health care system today,
how we can use AI to solve interesting 2D imaging problems,
and how we can finally take that AI from bench to
bedside to actually be used by doctors to improve patient lives.
I think that this course is really special, and here's why.
Throughout my career, I've taken a lot of courses on
the technical aspects of medical imaging and of machine and deep learning.
In my PhD, these were the areas that myself and my colleagues were primarily focused on.
Once I stepped outside of academia, however,
I learned that there are so many more moving pieces to the health care and
regulatory systems that had a significant impact on how translational my research was.
Without understanding this space holistically,
it's difficult to build things that truly make an impact.
This course is intended to give you that holistic understanding,
and I truly believe that it's one of the first of its kind out there.
I'm really excited to get going with you.